original: 

Tenancy Agreement Perjanjian Kontrak Penyewa Parties THE AGREEMENT IS MADE IN DUPLICATE BETWEEN NEOH GUATWAH the Landlord ( and the assistant CLEMENT NG . CONTACT NO 0126030570 ) , AND the Tenant ( s ) NOR AID A BINTI MOHD AZHARI OF IC NO 820416 - 015972 Premises THE PARTIES AGREE THAT the Landlord will rent to the Tenant and the Tenant will rent from the Landlord the following residential premises : NO 4 , JALAN CHENG PERDANA 1 / 3 , TAMAN CHENG PERDANA , 75250 MELAKA Contract Period : The tenancy is to begin on 1st JANUARY 2014 and is RENEWAL EVERY YEAR . Minimum contract period is 1 Year . TERMS : The tenant agrees to pay in advance of TWO MONTHS months of RM750 per month by 25 DECEMBER 2013 This agreement shall commence on 1st JANUARY 2014 If the tenant should move from the premises prior to the expiration of this time period , he shall be liable for all rent due until such time that the tenant is occupied by an OWNER approved paying tenant and / or expiration of said time period , whichever is shorter . For the TWO MONTHS deposit , 1 Month will be used for booking and paid for the month of JANUARY 2014 ( 1 bulan bayar untuk booking pada bulan Januari 2014 ) - 1 Month will be used for the notice on the last month of stay ( 1 bulcin untuk notis pada bulan terakhir ) . PAYMENTS : Rent and / or other charges are to be paid Oil every first week of every month . All payments are to be made by cheque or cash or credit to the banking account Pembayaran sewa mesti dibuat pada minggu pertama setiap bulan . UTILITIES : Tenant agrees to pay all utilities ( Water , Electricity , Indah Water and Telephone Bills ) . A deposit of RM300 is required for Utilities and will be returned to tenant if all the utility bills are cleared . RENTAL PROPERTY RULES OF CONDUCT This addendum to the rental agreement executed between the parties contains additional rules and regulations intended to help secure the comfort and safety of residents and their neighbours . ALTERATIONS : Tenant shall not make any alterations to the premises , including but not limited to installing aerials , lighting fixtures , washing machines , dryers or other items without first obtaining written permission from Landlord : provided , however , that notwithstanding such consent , all alterations including items affixed to the premises shall become the property of the Lessor upon termination of the lease . Any article attached to the woodwork , walls , floors or ceilings shall be the sole responsibility of Tenant . Tenant shall be liable for any repairs necessary during or after residency to restore premises to the original condition . Glue or tape shall not be used to affix pictures or decorations . Penyewa tidak dibenarkan mengetuk atau memaku pada mana mana dinding rumah kecuali mendapat kebenaran daripada tuan rumah . Tenant shall not change or install locks , paint , or wallpaper said premises without Landlord's prior written consent , Tenant shall not place placards , signs , or other exhibits in a window or any other place where they can be viewed by other residents or by the general public . ANIMALS : Birds , dogs , cats , reptiles or other animals will not be permitted in the premises at any time . Segala binatang kesayangan seperti kucing , anjing , burung dan arnab tidak dibenarkan dalam premis pada bila - bila masa . ANTENNAS : Any antenna or satellite dish placed on or attached on the roof or exterior walls of the building without consent of the property owner in writing is liable to removal without notice . BALCONY : Balcony is not intended for storage . Bicycles and furniture are the only items that may be placed or stored . Other personal items , including , but not limited to boxes and general clutter , must be stored elsewhere or disposed of properly . CLEANING AND DAMAGE DEPOSIT : Cleaning charge may be deducted if the rental property is not returned clean , including appliances and carpet . Other necessary repair , painting or damage charges may be deducted from the deposit . Rumah sewa mesti dikembalikan dengan bersih dan sempurna seperti pada asal . Segala pembayaran untuk pembaikan atau kerosakan akan ditolak daripada deposit COMBUSTIBLE AND PROHIBITED SUBSTANCES : Any flammable , combustible or explosive fluid , material , chemical or substance is strictly prohibited . No smoking is allowed in unit or in shared areas of property . All doors must be locked during the absence of Tenant . All appliances , except refrigerators , must be turned off before leaving the unit . The use of charcoal barbecues is prohibited . Candles may not be burned in bedrooms . Candles used in common areas must be attended at all times . Mana - mana bahan mudah terbakar atau bahan letupan cecair , bahan kimia adalah dilarang . Penggunaan arang adalah dilarang . Lilin tidak boleh digunakan di dalam bilik tidur . Lilin digunakan di kawasan yang lapang dan perlu dijagai pada setiap masa . COURTESY : Profane , obscene , loud or boisterous language , or unseemly behavior and conduct are absolutely prohibited . The tenant agrees to not permit to be done , anything that will annoy , harass , embarrass , or inconvenience any other tenants , neighbors or occupants in adjoining premises . DISTURBANCES : At all times tenants shall not make or permit any disturbing noises in the building . All musical instruments , television sets , stereos , radios , etc . , are to be played at a volume which will not disturb other persons Pada setiap masa penyewa tidak boleh membuat bunyi kuat yang boleh mengganggu orang lain atau jiran . DRUG - FREE HOUSING : Drug - related criminal activity will not be tolerated on or near the property , whether on the part of the tenant , any member of the household , any guest or any other person . Acts of violence or threats of violence , including but not limited to , brandishing weapons or the unlawful discharge of firearms , on or near the property will not be tolerated . The parties agree that violation of any or all of these provisions shall be a material violation of the lease and will be cause for immediate termination of the lease . Aktiviti jenayah berkaitan dadah tidak dibanarkan sekali . Tindakan keganasan atau ancaman keganasan tidak dibenarkan . EXTERIOR : Nothing shall be placed or kept on the outer sill or on the outside of any window , and nothing shall be thrown out of any window , door or from any porch into any attached yard , sidewalk or alley . No awnings or other projections shall be attached to the outside walls of the building , and no blinds , shades or screens shall be attached to or hung in , or used in connection with any window or door of the demised premises , without prior written consent of the property owner . Garbage cans , supplies , or other articles shall not be placed in the halls or on the staircase landings , nor shall anything be hung from the windows or balconies or placed upon the windowsills . No linens , clothing , curtains , rugs or mops shall be shaken or hung from any of the windows or doors . GARBAGE : No garbage or other refuse shall be stored or allowed to accumulate on the premises for extended periods of time . No garbage shall he thrown out of windows , doors or from any other part of the property . All garbage and refuse shall be disposed of in a timely manner . Garbage is to be placed inside the containers provided and lids should not be slammed . No littering of papers , cigarette butts or trash is allowed . ILLEGAL ACTIVITY : If the landlord observes any activity of a suspicious nature on the part of the tenant , guests or family members of the tenant in the leased premises , or any areas adjoining the premises , the landlord shall inform the police and the activity may be cause for immediate termination of the lease . Illegal activities on the premises will not be tolerated . Any arrest of a tenant , or guests of the tenant or suspicion of any illegal activity , regardless of whether it results in a conviction , may be cause for termination of tenancy . KEYS : Keys shall be provided upon payment of the first month's rent and security deposits , and shall be deemed a part of this Agreement . The tenant shall not change , reproduce or add any keys and / or locks without the express prior permission of the property owner . The tenant shall provide the property owner with copies of every key for the premises . If the tenant shall lose the keys to the apartment , then he shall be responsible for the cost of replacement keys or locksmith charges . LIGHT BULBS : Before occupancy of the rental property , all light bulbs will be installed and in good working order . Thereafter , tenants are required to provide and change all bulbs within or switch controlled from their premises , no matter where located , at their own expense . OCCUPANCY : Only occupants listed on the application for tenancy and lease shall occupy the rental property . Any deviation from this requirement will automatically terminate the lease / rental agreement . . Many a penghuni & ahli - ahli keluarga boleh menduduki rumah sewa . Tidak dibenarkan kediaman untuk pekerja - pekerja . Penyewa tidak dibenarkan menyewa bilik kosong kepada orang lain atau sesiapa pun pada bila - bila masa . RETURN OF PROPERTY : Tenant agrees to return house without damages and in original condition . Property owner reserves the right to periodically inspect tenant's house and if any damage has occurred , tenant agrees to immediately vacate premises and the lease shall be terminated . Pemilik rumah berhak untuk secara berkala memeriksa rumah penyewa dan jika apa - apa kerosakan telah berlaku , penyewa bersetuju untuk segera mengosongkan premis dan pajakan itu hendaklah ditamatkan . PLUMBING : The toilets , washbasins , sink ; disposal and other plumbing fixtures shall not be used for any purpose other than those for which they were constructed . No sweeping , rubbish , rags or other substances shall be thrown therein . The cost to repair damages or clean drain lines resulting from the misuse of fixtures in the demised premises shall be borne by the resident . The tenant shall keep the sink , lavatory drains and commode lines in good operating condition . Jika longkang atau saluran paip tersumbat disebabkan oleh pembuangan lampin , tuala wanita , tampon , mainan kanak - kanak , wads kertas tandas , bola rambut , gris , minyak , sisa meja , pakaian , kain , pa sir , tanah , batu , atau kertas dan Iain - lain , Penyewa bertanggungjawap untuk membayar kos pembersihan . REPAIRS : Tenant agrees to notify property owner immediately any necessary repairs or unsafe condition of any kind within the rental property or common areas . SIGNS : No sign , advertisement , notice or other lettering shall be exhibited , inscribed , painted , or affixed by tenant or tenant's family , on any part of the outside or inside of the demised premises or the building without prior written consent of the property owner . Penyewa tidak dibenarkan mempamer tanda , iklan atau notis pada mana - mana bahagian luar atau dalam bangunan tanpa kebenaran dari pemilik rumah . Rumah ini khususnya untuk matlamat kediaman penyewa . Penyewa tidak dibenarkan menyimpan barang - barang perniagaan dalam rumah . Please sign your name in the space provided below as an indication that you have reviewed and understand them . Sila tulis dan sign nama anda dalam ruang yang disediakan di bawah sebagai petunjuk bahawa anda telah menyemak dan memahami peraturan - peraturan tersebut . Signature of Landlord / Repr Signature ( s ) of Tenant ( s ) I have received a copy of the Tenancy Agreement . NORAID A BINTIMOHD AZHARI ( IC NO . 820416 - 01 - 5972 ) Signature of Tenant ( s )
tags: 

[I-PER(['CLEMENT', 'NG']), I-ORG(['JALAN']), I-PER(['JALAN', 'CHENG']), I-ORG(['TAMAN']), I-PER(['TAMAN', 'CHENG', 'PERDANA']), I-LOC(['MELAKA']), I-PER(['bulan']), I-ORG(['Telephone', 'Bills']), I-ORG(['Utilities']), I-PER(['Penyewa']), I-PER(['tuan', 'rumah']), I-PER(['Segala']), I-PER(['pada']), I-PER(['bila']), I-PER(['Lilin']), I-PER(['setiap', 'masa']), I-PER(['masa']), I-LOC(['atau']), I-LOC(['ahli']), I-LOC(['ahli']), I-PER(['bila', 'masa']), I-PER(['Pemilik']), I-ORG(['apa']), I-PER(['tuala']), I-LOC(['kanak']), I-PER(['wads', 'kertas']), I-PER(['bola']), I-PER(['sisa']), I-PER(['kain']), I-LOC(['batu']), I-PER(['kertas']), I-PER(['Iain']), I-PER(['Penyewa']), I-PER(['rumah']), I-PER(['Sila', 'tulis']), I-PER(['bahawa', 'anda'])]
