original: 

RENTAL AGREEMENT THE AGREEMENT The landlord agrees to give the tenant : a copy of this agreement at or before the time the agreement is signed and given by the tenant to the landlord or a person on the landlord’s behalf ; and a copy of the agreement signed by both the landlord and the tenant , as soon as reasonably practicable . RENT Term : the term of this rental agreement shall be for a period of one ( 1 ) year , from the execution of this agreement renewable for a like period from mutual agreement and subject to such terms and conditions to be agreed upon by the parties ; provided , however , that even before the termination of said ONE ( 1 ) year period , either party may be terminated this lease , by giving advance one month notice to the landlord ; in the absence of written notice , nor a word of advice from tenant , two successive non - payment of rentals will be a valid cause for termination of this agreement / contract . Agreed monthly rental for the use and occupancy of residential unit will be Php 3,500.00 Philippines currency in cash payable on the date of occupancy . Said monthly rental is exclusive of electric bill , water bill and other services , which shall become exclusively by tenant . Upon the execution of this agreement , the tenant will pay the landlord the sum of Seven Thousand Pesos ( Php 7,000.00 ) which amount is equivalent to one month deposit and one month advance for the leased premises . The deposit is to guarantee secure faithful compliance with the terms and conditions set forth therein , on the part of the tenant , and to be applied in the following manner - all accountabilities will be determined first , like broken fixture , lost ones and others and balance will be applied to rent . The landlord agrees to provide an acknowledgement receipt for any rent paid to the landlord . ( The landlord is not required to provide or to make available an acknowledgement receipt if rent is paid into the landlord’s account . ) USE OF THE PREMISES The tenant agrees : not to use the residential premises , or cause or permit the premises to be used , for any illegal purpose ; and not to cause or permit a nuisance ; and not to interfere , or cause or permit interference , with the reasonable peace , comfort or privacy of neighbors . LANDLORD’S ACCESS TO THE PREMISES The landlord , the landlord’s agent or any person authorized in writing by the landlord , during the currency of this agreement , may only enter the rented premises in the following circumstances : in an emergency ( including entry for the purpose of carrying out urgent repairs ) ; or to inspect the premises , if the tenant gets 1 day notice to carry out necessary repairs , if the tenant gets 2 days notice on each occasion . CLEANLINESS , REPAIRS AND DAMAGE TO THE PREMISES The landlord agrees : to make sure the residential premises are reasonably clean and fit to live in ; and to keep the premises in reasonable repair , considering the age of , the amount of rent paid for and the prospective life of the premises . The tenant agrees : to keep the residential premises reasonably clean ; and to notify the landlord as soon as practicable of any damage to the premises ; and not to intentionally or negligently cause or permit any damaged to the premises . ALTERATIONS AND ADDITIONS TO THE PREMISES The tenant agrees : not attach any fixture or renovate , alter , or add to the residential premises without the landlord’s written permission ; and not to remove , without the landlord’s written permission , any fixture attached by the tenant ; and to notify the landlord of any damaged caused by removing any fixture attached by the tenant ; and to repair any damage caused by removing the fixture or compensate the landlord for the cost of repair , if the landlord asks . LOCKS AND SECURITY DEVICES The landlord agrees : to provide and maintain locks or other security devices necessary to keep the residential premises reasonably secure ; and not to alter , remove or add any lock or other security device without reasonable excuse ; and to give the tenant a copy of the key or opening device or information to open any lock or security device which is added or altered . Lost key ( s ) caused by the tenant , may be replaced by the owner at a cost of P150 / key . Key ( s ) are to be returned by the tenant to the owner at the end of the agreement . The tenant agree : not to alter , remove or add any lock or other security device without reasonable excuse ; and to give landlord a copy of the key or opening device or information to open any lock or security device which is altered or added , except where the landlord agrees not to given a copy . Number of people in the Room A maximum of four ( 4 ) people at any one time is allowed to stay in the rented Room . Behavior of visitors An occupier of a room must take all reasonable steps to ensure that their visitors or invited guests do not behave in a manner likely to interfere with the peaceful enjoyment of the owner . Storage of inflammable liquids and other substances and materials . An occupier must not use or store on property any inflammable chemical , liquid or gas or other inflammable material . This by - law does not apply to chemicals , liquids , gases or other material used or intended to be used for domestic purposes , or any chemical , liquid , gas or other material in a fuel tank of a motor vehicle or internal combustion engine . Garbage disposal . An occupier Must maintain the room in a clean and tidy condition Must ensure that before refuse is placed in the receptacle it is securely wrapped or , in the case of tins or other containers , completely drained and For the purpose of having the garbage collected , must place the receptacle within an area designated for that purpose by the owners corporation and at a time not more than 12 hours before the time at which garbage is normally collected . Garbage Collection Fee HOW TO END A CONTINUING AGREEMENT * A fixed term agreement may be ended for the following reasons , provided that at least 14 days notice is given : if the tenant breaks one of the agreement’s term ; if the tenant is more than 2 months arrears of rent ; if the landlord breaks one of the agreement’s terms ; if the landlord or tenant wants to end the tenancy at the end of a fixed term agreement ( in which case notice can be given until the final day of the fixed term period , otherwise the agreement becomes a continuing agreement ) . RENT INCREASES The landlord cannot increase the rent during the fixed term . After the agreement fixed term ended and the tenant wishes to continue the rent . The landlord and the tenant agree an additional seven ( 7 ) percent of the previous contract amount which will be integrated to the new Rental Agreement . SCHEDULE OF RENT PAYMENTS September 17 , 2014 October 17 , 2014 November 17 , 2014 December 17 , 2014 SPECIAL CONDITIONS It is agreed between the Landlord and the Tenant that the Managing Agent / Landlord has the right to enter the leased premises to carry out periodic inspections of the property anytime with proper notice . The tenant ( s ) agrees to supply their telephone number to the Managing Agent / Landlord and inform the landlord / agent immediately of any changes . The tenant ( s ) cannot keep pets in the premises . The tenant agrees that special care will be taken to ensure that the walls are kept free of marks . The tenant agrees that no decorating and / or painting occur within the premises unless permission is given by the landlord . The tenant ( s ) agree that if the rent is paid by check and it is dishonored , then the tenant will compensate the agent for the dishonor fee and then the Managing Agent / Landlord has the right not to accept further check payments from the tenant . I HAVE READ , UNDERSTOOD AND CONCUR WITH THE CONTENTS AND STIPULATIONS OF THIS RENTAL AGREEMNT . LANDLORDS AGENT : CATHERINE CABOCHAN MICHAEL DELA CRUZ TENANT REQUIREMENT : Photo Copy of Two Governments Valid I.D . NBI / Police Clearance
tags: 

[I-PER(['CATHERINE', 'CABOCHAN', 'MICHAEL', 'DELA']), I-LOC(['CATHERINE', 'CABOCHAN', 'MICHAEL', 'DELA', 'CRUZ']), I-LOC(['NBI'])]
