original: 

RENTAL AGREEMENT THIS AGREEMENT made this 27TH Day of MARCH 2016 by and betw een RC AND PAUL PAULINO , herein called “ Landlord , ” and herein called " Tenant . " Landlord hereby agrees to rent the premises located at 1441 VILA ST HONOLULU . HI 96818 under the following terms and conditions . AGREEMENT : Tenants agree to rent the premises for a fixed term of month to month , beginning APRIL 1 . 2016 and ending on going . Upon expiration , this Agreement shall become a month - to - month agreement AUTOMATICALLY . UNLESS either Tenants or Owners notify the other party in writing at least 30 days prior to expiration that they do not wish this Agreement to continue on any basis . RENT : Tenant agrees to pay Landlord as base rent the sum of S800 per month , due and payable monthly in advance on the 1st day of each month during the term of this agreement . The first month's rent is required to be submitted on or before move - in . FORM OF PAYMENT : Tenants agree to pay their rent in the form of a personal check OR cash made out to ARSENLA PAULINO . RENT PAYMENT PROCEDURE : Tenants agree to pay their rent in person at the same address . RENT DUE DATE : Tenant hereby acknowledges that late payment will cause Landlord to incur costs not contemplated by this Rental Agreement . We allow 7 days grace period . In the event rent is not received prior to the 8th of the month . Tenant agrees to pay a $ 25 late fee . plus an additional $ 5 per day for every day thereafter until the rent is paid . Neither ill health , loss of job . financial emergency or other excuses will be accepted for late payment . BAD - CHECK SERVICING CHARGE : In the event Tenant’s check is dishonored and returned unpaid for any reason to Landlord . Tenant agrees to pay a returned check charge of $ 25 AND accept whatever consequences there might be in making a late payment . If for any reason a check is returned or dishonored , all future rent payments will be cash or money order . SECURITY DEPOSIT : Tenants hereby agree to pay a security deposit of $ 500 to be refunded upon vacating , returning the keys to the Landlord and termination of this contract according to other terms herein agreed . This deposit will be held to cover any possible damage to the property . No interest will be paid on this money and in no case will it be applied to back or future rent . It will be held intact by Landlord until at least thirty ( 30 ) working days after Tenants have vacated the property . At that time Landlord will inspect the premises thoroughly and assess any damages and / or needed repairs . This deposit money minus any necessary charges for missing / dead light bulbs , repairs , cleaning , etc . , will then be returned to Tenant with a written explanation of deductions , within 30 days after they have vacated the property . CHANGES IN TERMS OF TENANCY : Owners shall advise Tenants of any changes in terms of tenancy with advance notice of at least thirty ( 30 ) days . Changes may include notices of termination , rent adjustments , or other reasonable changes in the terms of this Agreement . TENANT COOPERATION : Tenant agrees to cooperate with the Landlord by showing property to prospective tenants , prior to termination of occupancy . TENANT INSURANCE : Landlord will not be liable for any loss of Tenant’s property . Tenant hereby acknowledges this and agrees to make no such claims for any losses or damages against Landlord . Tenants agree to purchase insurance - at their own expense - sufficient to protect themselves and their property from fire , theft , burglary , breakage , electrical connections . They acknowledge that if they fail to procure such insurance , it is their responsibility and they alone shall bear the consequences . ABANDONMENT : If Tenants leave the premises unoccupied for 15 days without paying rent in advance for that month , or while owing any back rent from previous months , which has remained unpaid , the Landlord have the right to take immediate possession of the property and to bar the Resident from returning . Landlord will also have the right to remove any property that the Residents have left behind and store it at the Tenant’s expense . OCCUPANTS : The number of occupants is limited to two primary tenants . Only the Tenants may live in this residence . LOCK POLICY : No additional locks will be installed on any door without the written permission of Landlord . Landlord will be given duplicate keys for all locks installed at tenants expense , before they are installed . CONDITION OF PREMISES : The Tenants hereby acknowledge that the said property is in good condition . If there is anything about the condition of the property that is not good , they agree to report it to the Landlord within 3 days of taking possession of the property ' . They agree that failure to file any written notice of defects will be legally binding proof that the property is in good condition at the time of occupancy . TENANT RESPONSIBILITY : Good housekeeping is expected of everyone . Tenant agrees to keep quarters clean and in a sanitary condition . The Tenants agree not to permit any deterioration or destruction to occur while they are occupying the property . ALTERATIONS : Tenant shall make no alterations , decorations , additions , or improvements in or to the premises without Landlords prior written consent , and then only by contractors or mechanics , or other approved by Landlord . All alterations , additions , or improvements upon the premises , made by either party , shall become the property of the Landlord and shall remain upon , and be surrendered with said premises , as a part thereof , at the end of the term hereof . VEHICLES & GARAGE USE : Vehicle ( s ) are to find street parking . UTILITIES : Landlord shall be responsible for the following utilities and services in connection with the Premises : Electricity - Water Washer / Dryer - Trash / Recycle pick up WiFi / Intemet ( PAULINO series PC tych3Fortun @ ! ) NOTIFICATION OF SERIOUS BUILDING PROBLEMS : Tenants agree to notify the landlord immediately upon first discovering any signs of serious problems such as foundation cracks , a crack in plaster , buckling drywall or siding , a spongy floor , a leaky water , etc . If the tenants does not notify landlord in a prompt matter the tenant may be held financially responsible . REASONABLE TIME FOR REPAIRS : Upon being notified by Tenants that there is some building defect in which is hazardous to health , life , or safety , the Landlords shall undertake repairs as soon as possible . Should there be a delay of more than seventy - two ( 72 ) hours in making repairs , due to difficulty in scheduling the work or obtaining parts or for any other reason beyond the Landlords control , the Landlords agree to keep Tenants informed about the progress of work . NON - LIABILITY : The Tenants hereby state that work or repairs that need to be done will be handled by competent professionals , unless Tenants are qualified and capable of doing the work themselves and doing it properly , in a safe manner that meets all federal , state , and local regulations and have written approval from the landlord . Tenants further state that they will be legally responsible for any mishap they either do themselves or hire others to do . Landlord will be held free from harm . ACCESS TO PREMISES : The landlords reserves the right to enter the residence at reasonable times to inspect , make necessary repairs , supply services , or show it to prospective residents , purchasers , workmen , or contractors . Whenever practicable , a 3 - day confirmation notice to enter shall be given to all Tenants . SUBLETTING & ASSIGNMENT : Tenants shall not sublet the entire premises or any part of the premises , nor shall they assign this Agreement to anyone else without first obtaining Landlords ’ written permission . Prospective sub lessees or assignees must submit an application to the Landlord and must agree to credit , background , reference , and employment verification . Permission to sub rent will be determined by the sole discretion of the Landlord . PETS : Small pets are allowed on the premises only by obtaining the Landlords ’ permission first . When possession of the property is given to the Tenant , only those pets listed on the Rental Application will be allowed unless subsequent written permission has been granted . “ Pets ” does not include animals trained to serve the handicapped , such as seeing - eye dogs , hearing dogs , or service dogs . These animals may be housed on the premises so long as they are in the direct service of those they were trained to serve and so long as Landlord is notified in advance in writing of the circumstances . TERMINATION UPON SALE OF PREMISES . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Rental , Landlord may terminate this rental upon 45 days written notice to Tenant . FULL DISCLOSURE : The Tenants signing this Rental Contract hereby state that all questions about this Rental Agreement have been answered , that they fully understand all the provisions of the agreement and the obligations and responsibilities of each party , as spelled out herein . They further state that they agree to fulfill their obligations in every respect or suffer the full legal and financial consequences of their actions or lack of action in violation of this agreement . Signature by the Tenant on this Rental Agreement is acknowledgement and he / she has received a signed copy of the Rental Agreement . Accepted this day of , 20 . Tenant Landlord - RC & PAUL PAULINO Date
tags: 

[I-PER(['PAUL', 'PAULINO']), I-ORG(['HONOLULU']), I-PER(['ARSENLA', 'PAULINO']), I-ORG(['Tenants']), I-ORG(['Residents']), I-ORG(['Landlord']), I-PER(['PAULINO']), I-ORG(['Tenants']), I-PER(['’']), I-PER(['’']), I-PER(['PAUL', 'PAULINO'])]
