original: 

RENTAL AGREEMENT Parties The parties to this agreement are LEE MING . IC 521212 - 01 - 6009 hereinafter called “ landlord , ” and JIMMY SINAU . IC 850419 - 13 - 5213 herinafter called “ tenant . ” Property Landlord hereby lets the following property to tenant for the term of this agreement : ( a ) the real property known as : 58 - 01 - 02 , Jalan pulai 45 . Taman pulai utama , 81300 Skudai . Term This agreement shall run from 1 - 8 - 2011 to 1 - 8 - 2012 . Rent The monthly rental for said property shall be RM 450 due and payable by check by the First day of each month . Deposits Tenant will pay the following deposits and / or fees : Deposit : RM450 , Utilities : RM450 This amount will be refunded within three weeks following the termination of the tenancy ; unpaid rent , charges for damages beyond normal wear and tear , and costs for reasonable cleaning may be deducted . In addition , it is agreed : Tenant shall not lease , sublease or assign the premises without the prior written consent of the landlord ( but this consent shall not be withheld unreasonably ) . Landlord may enter the premises at reasonable times for the purpose of inspection , maintenance or repair , and to show the premises to buyers or prospective tenants . In all instances , except those of emergency or abandonment , the landlord shall give tenant reasonable notice ( at least one day ) prior to such an entry . Tenant agrees to occupy the premises and shall keep the same in good condition , reasonable wear and tear excepted , and shall not make any alterations thereon without the written consent of the landlord . Tenant agrees not to use the premises in such a manner as to disturb the peace and quiet of other tenants in the building . Tenant further agrees not to maintain a public nuisance and not conduct business or commercial activities on the premises . Tenant shall , upon termination of this agreement , vacated and return dwelling in the same condition that it was received , less reasonable wear and tear , and other damages beyond the Tenant’s control . In a dispute between landlord and tenant which gives rise to any action in court , the losing party will pay the court costs and reasonable attorney fees of the successful party . We , the undersigned , agree to this Rental Agreement :
tags: 

[I-PER(['LEE', 'MING']), I-PER(['JIMMY', 'SINAU']), I-PER(['herinafter']), I-LOC(['”']), I-ORG(['Jalan']), I-LOC(['Taman', 'pulai', 'utama'])]
