original: 

RENTAL AGREEMENT This deed of rental agreement executed at Bangalore this fifth day of December 2008 between MR.K.Kuttan S / o Kelu Aehari ( Late ) residing at site No 152 Geethalayam OMH colong S.M . Road 1st main , T.Dasarahalli , Bangalore - 57 . Here after called the lessor which term shall where the contest so admits mean and includes his legal heirs representatives executors and assign and Sri . P.M . Narayana Namboodri “ Laxmi Leela ” ground floor 3rd cross Ayyappa Nagar behind Ayyappa Temple , Jalahalli West , Bangalore - 15 referred as tenant which term shall wherever the context so admits mean and includes his legal heirs representations executors assign witnesses . Whereas the lessor is the absolute owner after premises at site No . 8 / 20 S.M . Road , Jalahalli West , Bangalore - 15 and he has constructed approximate 500 sft area of Ilnd floor with A.C . Sheet roof with power light in the above said premises . Where as the owner has offered to let out the premises for non residential purpose , where as the tenant has offered to take the said premises on rent for non residential purpose namely for “ MAHALAKSHMI INDUSTRIAL CONSULTANT ’ and tenant is the Proprietor of the business and he has agreed to pay rent Rs . 4,000.00 ( Rupees Four Thousand only ) for above said premises with the following terms and conditions : - The agreement made only for eleven months from this date of agreement . Fresh agreement with mutual terms and conditions have to be extended ( 6 . p.c is expecting every eleventh month ) . The tenant shall pay the rent above said , on before 10th of each month . An advance amount of Rs . 35,000 / - ( Rupees thirty five thousand only ) is paid by the tenant to the owner at the time of commencement of this agreement , the receipt where of is hereby acknowledged signing this agreement by the owner . The advance shall not carry any interest and refundable to the tenant at the time of vacating the schedule premises . Any arrears of rent electricity and water dues is permissible to deduct from the advance . Each party shall be liable to give three month advance notice for the termination of this agreement . The tenant shall pay the electricity and water charges within one week from the date of receipt of the bills . the tenant shall at the termination of this agreement have to remove superstructure if any put by the tenant at his own expenses and deliver the possession to the owner in good and tenable condition . The tenant shall himself obtain the license for the business top be carried on by him . The tenant shall not sublet or underlet the demised portion or any part there of to any third party . The building owner shall not in any case be held responsible with for any kind of theft , burglary , fire or accident within the portion of the building . All kinds of security arrangements insurances etc . , will have to be done by the tenant if necessary . The tenant shall keep good relationship with neighbors . SIIIDIII WITNESSES OWNER TENANT 1 .
tags: 

[I-LOC(['Bangalore']), I-PER(['MR.K.Kuttan']), I-LOC(['T.Dasarahalli']), I-LOC(['Bangalore']), I-PER(['Narayana', 'Namboodri']), I-PER(['Laxmi', 'Leela']), I-LOC(['Ayyappa']), I-LOC(['West']), I-LOC(['Bangalore']), I-LOC(['Jalahalli', 'West']), I-LOC(['Bangalore']), I-PER(['p.c'])]
