



ROOM RENTAL AGREEMENT

This is a legally binding agreement. It is intended to promote household harmony by clarifying die expectations and responsibilities of the homeowner or Principal Tenant (Landlords) and Tenant when they share the same home. The term “Landlord” refers to either homeowner or Principal Tenant.

Landlord shall provide a copy of this executed (signed) document to the Tenant, as required by law.

Terms

Length of Agreement: Month-to-Month

Either party may cancel or change terms of this agreement upon thirty (30) days WRITTEN notice. The notice period may be lengthened or shortened by WRITTEN agreement, but no less than 7 days.

Rent

y k0_0	_, is payable monthly on the	Lh.	day of the month, to	

Rent jS does / CJdoes not include utilities. If it does not, utility bills will be apportioned as follows:

Gas/Electricity: Tenant pays	0 o of monthly bill.

D Water/Garbage: Tenant pays	° o of monthly bill.

Phone: Tenant pays	0 o of monthly bill plus personal long distance calls.

D Other:		Tenant pays„	0 o of monthly bill.


Conflict Resolution

Each housemate will strive to develop mutual cooperation with all other housemates. Should disagreements arise, each shall try to resolve the dispute in good faith using clear communication. If disputes continue thereafter, the housemates agree to the following methods of conflict resolution:

D Decision by household consensus D Mediation by impartial third party □ Decision by household majority vote

Privacy

As required by law, die landlord may enter the tenant's room only for the following reasons: (a) in case of emergency; (b) to make necessary or agreed-upon repairs, decorations, or improvements, supply necessary or agreed-upon services, or exhibit the dwelling unit to prospective or actual purchasers, mortgagees, tenants, workers, or contractors; (c) when the tenant has abandoned or surrendered the premises; or (d) pursuant to court order. The landlord must give the tenant b&gfs notice of intent to enter and may enter only during normal business hours, excepting by necessity, cases (a) and (c) above.

Deposits

Last mop&\(s^rent: Security deposit:

This “other” deposit is refundablmvithin	days after tenant

vacates the premises. If any pomonyof it is deducted, an accounting and verification of the reasonableness of the deduction will be provided.

The security deposit may be used for the purpose of repairing damage for which the tenant is responsible (beyond normal wear and tear), cleaning, or paying unpaid rent or utilities. The landlord and the tenant shall conduct a pre-move out inspection of the rental BEFORE the tenant moves out at which time the landlord shall inform die tenant of needed repairs and/or cleaning in WRITING. The tenant shall have the right to make any repairs identified at the pre-move out inspection at his or her expense before the move out date without deduction from the security deposit. Within three weeks after the tenant moves out, die landlord shall return the deposit to the tenant widi accrued interest less any deductions, if any, the landlord is entided to under diis agreement. If any deductions are made, the landlord shall provide the tenant with a written itemized statement of expenses and receipts for cleaning or repairs for which deductions were made from the deposit.

This residence being in the County of Santa Cruz (with the exception of Scotts Valley), simple interest will be paid annually on the security deposit and/or last month's rent to the tenant, pursuant to current local ordinance.


Other Agreements

Landlord Inns	ii\e	rirjhh ~tz> -ftRm\\nc\ {p dht Cnnbr^cJ'

miuj 'Ume	if.	decant	^liJs	k>	rm f on ntlruc. ar

LloUlIc^ cwj	o{ h\e	n Lnve				

Fill out a) or b) as it appliesoto youf situation

D A) Principal Tenant D will H bias provided tenant a copy of the Condition of Rental Property Checklist, completed when houXehold first moved in.

Megan’s Law

“Pursuant To Section 290.46 of Mie Penal Code, in/ormation about specified registered sex offenders is made available to the public via an Internet Web site tnmntained by the Department of Justice at www.meganslaw. ca.gov. Depending on an offender’^criminal history, this information will include either the address at which the offender resides or the community of residence and ZIP Code in which he or she resides.”

Lead-Based Paint Disclosure

	Tenant(s) acknowledge(s)/^ece\pt of “Disclosure of Information on Lead-Based Paint or Lead-

Based Paint Hazards” from landlord/agent.YRequired for homes built before 1978.) Available online at

http://www.epa.gov/lead/pubs/Jesr_eng.pdf

	Tenant(s) acknowledge^) receipt of\the pamphlet Protect Your Family from Lead in Your Home.

(Required for homes built before 1978.) Landlord may call 1-800-424-LEAD or go to http://www.epa.gov/lead/mibs/leadpdfe.pdf to obtain a copy of the pamphlet.

 

















