



































































RENTAL AGREEMENT

THIS DEED OF RENTAL AGREEMENT executed at Chennai this 19th day of August 2013 between:

Mrs. M. Geetha, W/o. V. Manoharan, aged about 53 years, residing at No.62-D, Saravana Flats, 1st Floor, Pinagapani Street, Devaki Nagar, Kundrathur, Chennai-600 069. Hereinafter called the owner (Which expression shall, wherever the context so requires, be deemed to mean and include her legal heirs, executors, administrators and assignees) of the one part.

AND

To and in favour of M/s. Siruvani Traders Private Limited Represented by Mr. J. L. Saravana, aged about 33 years S/o M S Jambulingam, residing at No. 13/5, Janakiraman Street, Muthurangam Block, Jafferkhanpet, Ashok Nagar, Chennai - 600 083, hereinafter called the tenant (which expression shall, wherever the context so requires be deemed to mean and include his successors- in- interest and assignees) of the other part witnesses as follows:

-2-

Whereas Mrs. M. Geetha is the absolute owner of the property at No.62-D, Saravana Flats, 1st Floor, Pinagapani Street, Devaki Nagar, Kundrathur, Chennai - 600 069 measuring 250 sq.ft and in possession and enjoyment of the same.

Whereas the tenant has approached the owner to take on rent the First Floor premises of the building referred in the schedule hereunder for running their business activities and the owner has also agreed for the same.

WHEREAS the parties herein mentioned felt expedient to reduce the terms and conditions of the rental agreement into writing.

THIS RENTAL AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:

That in pursuance of the above said offer and acceptance and in consideration of a monthly rent of Rs.2500 /- herein mentioned, the owner hereby lets out the First Floor of the building bearing, No.62-D, Saravana Flats, 1st Floor, Pinagapani Street, Devaki Nagar, Kundrathur, Chennai-600 069 subject to the terms, conditions and convenants specified hereunder.

This Rental Agreement shall be for a period of 11 Months commencing from August 2014.

The agreed rent of Rs.2500/- has to be paid on or before 5th of every month.

While the owner shall bear the property tax, water tax, in respect of the Rented Flat, the tenant shall bear Electricity, Maintenance and Water Charges.

The tenant shall use the schedule property only for the Office use.

The tenant hereby covenants with the owner and assures here that.

They will keep the flat in a neat and tenantable condition.

They will not carry out any structural alternation to the flat leased out;

They will not cause any nuisance either to the owner or to the other occupants in the building / neighbors.

On the expiry of the lease he will peacefully surrender vacant possession of the schedule property to the owner.

The tenant shall not sub-lease / Sub-let the flat leased out to them to anyone

Notwithstanding anything contained herein either party can terminate this lease by serving the other party a notice in writing 4 months in advance.

The tenant shall permit the owner or her agents to inspect the flat leased out at all reasonable time to see whether all the terms and conditions of the lease are complied with by the tenant.

The rental agreement can be renewed once in every 11 months with the mutual consent of the parties to this agreement

IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE PARHES HERETO HAVE SET AND SUBSCRIBED THEIR RESPECTIVE HANDS AND SEALS HEREUNTO ON THE DAY AND YEAR FIRST ABOVE WRISTTEN

WITNESSES:

1.

(OWNER)

2.

(TENANT)

