RENTAL AGREEMENT

This agreement of rent is made and executed at Bangalore on this 1st day of April,2009(01-04-2009) by and between:-

Mr. Parasu Ram Mishra
D.no: 15/5/2 KAUSTHUBHA, K.PH.B COLONY
B.T.M - STAGE 2, WEST MUMBAI -70

Hereinafter called the LESSOR/OWNER of the one part; and in favor of>

Mr. P.Gangadhar

Working at:

M.G.H Corporation

Gold Hill Unit 169, Hubli Road

Bommanabandi MUMBAI -68

Hereinafter called the LESSEE/TENANT of the other part; witnesses as follows:-

Whereas the term lessor and lessee shall mean and include their respective heirs, legal representatives administrators ,and assigns ,etc.

And whereas the lessor is the sole and absolute owner of the premises situated at

D.no:15/5/2 KAUSTHUBHA, K.P.H.B COLONY B.T.M - STAGE 2, WEST MUMBAI -70

and where as the lessee has approached with the lessor to let-out the schedule premises on rental basis. And the lessor agrees to let-out the same under the following terms and conditions:-

whereas the lessor agrees to let-out the schedule premises for a monthly rent of 7000/-(Rupees Seven Thousand only) per month, and the lessee shall agrees to pay the same on every month

Whereas the lessee shall agrees to pay the monthly rent by on or before 5th of Every English calendar month.

Whereas the lessee shall use the schedule premises for residential purpose only and should not use for any illegal or immoral purposes.

The lease will be for period of 1 l(Eleven) months from the date of this Agreement, but it can be extended by mutual consent. The rent shall be enhanced Once in every 11 months @ 5% over the existing rent.

Whereas the lessee should not sub-let or underlet the schedule premises to any Other persons without written consent from the lessor.

Whereas the lessee shall keep the schedule premises in good and tenantable Conditions without any damages, if any damages caused by the lessee the mutual Amount can be deducted from his security deposit.

whereas the lessee has paid a sum of Rs.60,000/-(Rupees Sixty thousand Only) towards security deposit by cash

Thus the lessor has received and acknowledges the receipt of the same. This amount shall not carry any interest and the same will be refundable to the lessee at the time of vacating the schedule premises.

And whereas the lessee here by agrees to pay the water and electricity charges to the concerned authorities without arrears during this tenancy period.

The lease shall vacate the premises on a one month notice from the lessor.similarly the lessee can vacate the premises after giving one month notice to the lessor.

And whereas the lessor or his subordinates or agents is at full liberty to inspect the rented premises at any reasonable hours.

Whereas the lessee shall agree to pay one month rent towards painting charges at the time of vacating the schedule premises.

SCHEDULE

The accommodation consisting of:-two bed rooms one hall one kitchen, one pooja room, one dining hall, two bath and lavatory water and electricity.R.C.C.roofed building first floor with fittings and fixtures:-

Fans	- 4Nos

Tubelights	- 4 Nos

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the above named Lessor and Lessee has affixed their respective signatures to this agreement on the day month and year first above written.

WITNESSES:-

1.	LESSOR/OWNER

LESSEE/TENANT

