RENTAL AGREEMENT

This rental agreement is made and executed on this on the 27th day January 2010 by and between:

SRI.N.VIJAY KUMAR,

Aged about 51 years ,

No .9.18th Main,5th Cross,

BTM 1st Stage, Thavarekere post,

Banaglore-566029.

Hereinafter called the 'LESSO R/O W N E R' of the one part, and

SHRI.DURGA SHANKAR GUPTA,	working at

TVS COMPNAY LIMITED

Permanent Address:	P.B NO 4,HARITA,

HOSUR-635 109,

3/230 ,vidhichanda	TAMIL NADU

,INDIA.

Auraiya uttar Pradesh Pin-206122

Hereinafter called the 'LESSE E/T E N A N T' of the other part.

Whereas the terms the lessor and lessee shall mean and include their respective heirs ,legal representatives and assigns.

Whereas the lessor in the sole and absolute owner of the schedule property described hereunder and whereas the lessor is intend to let out the said house to the lessee on the rental basis for a monthly rent of Rs 9 500/-( Rupees nine thousand five hundred only)

And whereas lessee is willing to take the below house and agreeing to pay the rent to the lessor regularly .if the tenant vacate with in 11 month he has to pay one month rent to owner.

This lease executed for the period of 11 month from the date of	but it

may extended by mutual consent of the of the lessor and lessee .The rent will be enhanced by 5 % once in 11 month on the existing rent.

Whereas the lessee has to paid a sum of Rs.	Advance to the lessor

before the following witness and acknowledge the receipt of the same, this amount will be refunded to the lessee by the lessor at the time of vacating the house and this amount will not carry any interest.

Whereas the lessee shall not sub-let/under -let the said house to any person without written permission from the lessor .on case the lessee does not pay the said rent to the lessor continuously three months the lessor is at liberty to evict the lessee from the premise.

Whereas the lessee hereby agree to pay the electricity charges separate to the concerned authority without arrears at the time of vacating the premises the same will be deducted from the advance amount.

Whereas the lessee hereby agreed to pay the said rent to lessor on or before 5th of every English calendar month.

Whereas either party should give 1 month prior notice for termination of this lease.

Whereas the lessee shall use the schedule house for residential purpose only.

Not for any purpose.

Whereas the lessee hereby agreed to keep the premises/fittings in good and tenantable condition without damages ,if any damages caused by lessee, the same will replaced by the lessee or the the said amount will be deducted from the advance.

Whereas the lessee shall not make any additional alteration to the schedule premises.

Whereas the lessee shall not allow the lessor or his legal representative in the schedule premises under the lease for inspection schedule premises at all reasonable times.

Whereas as the lessee shall not store and keep any highly inflammable explosive materials endangering life and property in the schedule property and neighbourhood.

Whereas at the time of the vacating the leased portion of the lessee shall not ask or demand any compensation from the lessor at any cost and shall hand over the vacant possession of the house to the lessor party only.

Whereas the lessee hereby agreed to re-paint the schedule premises at the time of vacating ,if fails to do so, paint charges will be deducted by the lessor from the advance amount.

All the piece and parcels of the property bearing ground floor, premises situated at No.9 18th Main, 5th Cross, BTM 1st Stage, Thavaerekere post, Bangalore- 560029.

Consisting of: one hall, kitchen one bedroom,

Fittings:

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the above named parties lessor and lessee have

Affixed their signature to this rental agreement made on the day, month and year first written at Bangalore.

WITNESSES:

1.

LESSOR

LESSEE

