This agreement is made on the 1st day of May 2016 (01.05.2016) between ANAND RAJ, S/o. CJ Scaria, aged 26 years, residing at Changankariyil House Karuvanchal PO, Alakode, Taliparamba, Kannur Pincode: 670571 (hereinafter referred to as the LESSEE) on the One part AND BEENA PURATHAYIL MADHAVAN W/O Parapattil Puthra Valsalan aged 62 years, residing at XXII/688, Nandavanam, Chcmbumukku, Thrikkakara P O. Cochin 682021. (hereinafter referred to as the LESSOR) on the Other part.

BEENA PURATHAYIL MADHAVAN

LESSOR

-2-

Where as the Lessor is the absolute owner in possession of the Flat No. 3E, Regal Valancia, Thrikkakara- 682021 (Semi Furnished flat with Items 5 Fan, Kitchen and bedroom Cabinets, Light fixtures) situated within the limit of Thrikkakara Municipality and whereas the Lessee has requested the Lessor to let the said Flat for residential use of the Lessee and the Lessor has accepted the same.

BEENA PURATHAYIL MADHAVAN

LESSOR

NOW THIS DEED WITNESSES AS FOLLOWS:-

The Lessee shall pay the Lessor a monthly rent of Rs. 11500/- (Eleven Thousand Five Hundred Only) regularly and punctually without any delay or default on or before 5th day of every month in the English Calendar and the receipt of the same to be obtained.

The Lessee shall pay a sum of Rs. 35000/- (Rupees Thirty-Five Thousand only) as security deposit to the Lessor free of interest and which shall be refunded at the time of expiry of the lease period after deducting dues, loss and damages, if any.

At all times during the term of lease the Lessee shall keep and maintain the said flat with all its fitting, and fixtures in proper clean and neat conditions.

The Lessee shall use the flat for residential purpose only.

The Lessee shall not make any alteration or modifications in the said flat.

The Lessee shall not use the flat so as to destroy or reduce its value or utility in any manner.

The Lessee shall not transfer his right or sublet the said flat or any part there of to anybody.

The period of lease shall be 11 months from 01-05-2016 on the expiry of the above period Lessee shall vacate and deliver the possession of the flat to the Lessor in good conditions as it is on this day.

BEENA PURATHAY1L MADHAVAN

LESSOR


The Electricity and Water charges and any other charges connected with self usage of the flat to be paid by the Lessee in addition to the rent, Lessee also liable to pay a maintenance Charges to the Flat Owners Association and obtain receipt for the same.

Explosive items not to be kept inside the flat.

That both parties are at liberty to evict or vacate the flat before the expiry of the period of tenancy by giving one month prior registered notice.

The period of agreement shall be renewed for further period if mutually agreed between both parties on or before expiry of this agreement\

The lessee shall be liable to pay all costs /replacements for all such items that are part of flat/furnishings in the instance of damages caused or resulted from misuse/purposeful acts from the side of lessee /or shall be recovered from the paid advance if limited within the same .

14 Lesse shall have the right to use one car porch that belongs to the flat Valancy

3E

In witness whereof the parties here to have signed this deed on the day month and year first above written.

BEENA PURATHAYIL MADHAVAN LESSOR

Witness

1.

2.

This Document is Type Written. Corrections Nill.

