



















































RENEWAL OF RENTAL AGREEMENT

This AGREEMENT of Rent is made in Bangalore and Executed today the lstth of May 2010

BY AND BETWEEN

1. Mr. Balaji.R

Aged about 63 years,

No 24 2nd Cross, SBM Colony Mathikere - 560054

Hereinafter referred and called as the ‘Lessor’ of the First part of one part:

//AND//

1 Mr.Kartheek R Aged about 31 years,

No.81, sri manjunatha nilaya, raju colony, yamalur

B angalore-560037.

Hereinafter referred and called as the ‘Lessees’ of the second part of the another part:


NOW THIS AGREEMENT OF RENT WITNESSETH TN AS FOLLOWS:

Whereas the first party is the sole and absolute owner of the above cited / scheduled premises is hereby continued to be rented out the same to the second party which terms and conditions is as follows:

The lessor have received a security Deposit amount of Rs.40,000/- (Rupees Fourty Thousand only) from the Lessees and hereby acknowledges the receipt of the same, which carries no interest but to be returned to the lessee at the time of the lessee Vacates and hands over the position.

The Rent is payable by the Lessees to the Lessor is a sum of Rs.3800/- (Rupees Thirty Eight Thousand Only) on or before 10th of every English Calendar Month.

This agreement is in force for a period of eleven (11) months and the same may be renewed by the mutual understanding of both the Lessor and the Lessee.

In case of either party wants back the portion or vacates the portion either must be informed within one month prior notice.,

The Electricity and water charged is to be borne by the Lessees only.

The Lessee should neither sublet nor underlet and shall use the premises only for Residential and for not any business purpose, should maintain clean tidy with no interruption, and shall handover at the time of vacating in tenantable condition.

SCHEDULE

The Schedule of Residential premises. No.81, sri manjunatha nilaya, raju colony, yamalur Bangalore-560037, consists of one Hall, One Bed Room, Kitchen, Bath Room, and Completely Electrified with running water facilities and other amenities.

In witness whereof both the parties have set their respective hands and affixed their signatures, hereunder the following and presence of the two witnesses today the day month year cited above.

WITNESSES:

1.	LESSOR/OWNER

LESSEES/TENANT.

