



































RENTAL AGREEMENT

THIS DEED OF RENTAL AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO AT CHENNAI ON 21st OF MARCH 2010 BETWEEN Mr. P C MATHEW, S/O K JOSEPH CHACKO, hereinafter called the party of the first part and between Mr. L GOPINATH S/o of G LAKSHMI NARISIMHAN after called the party of the second part witnesses.

Whereas the party of the first part being the owner of the premises at Flat No C 8 SAMS AVENUE APPARTMENT No 65 VALLUVAR ST ARUMBAKKAM CHENNAI 600106 has agreed to let the above premises to the party of the second part for residential use on a monthly rent of Rs.9000 (Rupees Nine Thousand Only) plus monthly maintenance expenses levied on by the association, on condition of his accepting to take on hire the house with amenities provided therein and whereas the party of the second part has agreed and will occupy the premises From 1st April 2010.

The lessor hereby let on lease the house to the lessee on a monthly rent of Rs.9000/-(Rupees Seven thousand only) for a period of 11 months starting from 1st of April 2010. The amount shall be paid before 5th of the succeeding calendar month without any deduction whatsoever.

The lease is for a period of 11 months, commencing from this day, 1st of April 2010.

The lessor hereby grants to the lessees to use and occupy the ground floor of the said house for residential purpose only and not for godown, storage of articles, packing/unpacking or for any other business purposes.

The lessee had kept deposited with the lessor a sum of Rs.90000/-(Rupees Ninety Five thousand only), as deposit without interest for the due performance of this agreement. The deposit shall not entitle the lessee to withhold any payment of monthly rent.

The said deposit shall be refundable to the lessee at the time the lessee hands over the vacant possession of the said house. If any damages is done by the lessee to the house during the subsistence of the lease herein granted and any arrears of rent due, the lessor shall be entitled to adjust aforesaid deposit the amount necessary for making good such damages and or rents due.

Damages if any to the basins, pans, water taps doors and windows, walls, alcops, electrical fittings, glazed tiles etc; or any part of the house will be made good or replaced by the lessor and the lessee has to bear the entire cost for any such replacement/repair or the lessee may get it done at his cost with the knowledge and prior consent of the lessor. In the default of the lessee to undertake the repair/replacement of the damaged property or to meet the expenses, the same will be adjusted from the rent advance lying with the lessor.

The lessor or their authorized agents shall be entitled to enter upon the said house to inspect the conditions of the premises or to get repairs done or for other lawful purpose thereof at all reasonable times and the lessee shall allow them to so enter.

The lessor shall not make structural alterations in the said house or add any fixtures without the prior permission of the lessor.

The lessee shall pay electricity charges regularly as per the meter reading and also undertake house maintenance and water charges.

The lessor shall pay the property tax and other taxes on the house.

If the lessee commits breach of any of the conditions here above mentioned notwithstanding the period herein above mentioned, the lessor shall be at liberty to revoke and or cancel the lease granted forthwith.

Two months notice on either side shall be the condition for the lessor and lessee to terminate this lease to voluntarily vacate the premises.

Notwithstanding anything contained above, the lessor can terminate the lease in case the lessee defaults in payment of rent and amenity charges for two month.

If the lessee desires to have this lease deed renewed for a further period after the expiry of eleven months, one month advance notice should be given in writing to the lessor for negotiating renewal on terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon.

The lessee shall observe and perform all rules regarding conditions, covenants and stipulations relating to the user of the house as laid down from time to time and shall keep the lessor indemnified against any non observance of breach thereof.

The lessor upon termination of the agreement will peacefully and quietly deliver unto the lessor the possession of the said premises together with fixtures and fittings and in substantially the same condition.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF THE LESSOR AND LESSEES HAVE HEREUNTO SIGNED THE DAY AND YEAR ABOVE WRITTEN.

WITNESS :	Party of the First Part:

Party of the Second Part:

