





























































RENTAL AGREEMENT

THIS RENTAL AGREEMENT is executed at Chennai - 600 041 on 14th day of July 2010 between Mr. P. JohnsonRavikumar, aged about 43 Years, residing at Plot. No: 10, Door No:3, Jeevanantham Street, Lakshmipuram Tiruvanmiyur, Chennai - 600 041. Which term shall include their heirs, assigns, nominees, hereinafter referred to as “HOUSE OWNER”.

and

Mr. Saravanan BV aged about 27 years, residing at Plot. No: 10, Door No:3, Jeevanantham Street, Lakshmipuram Tiruvanmiyur, Chennai - 600 041. Which term shall include their heirs, assigns, nominees, hereinafter referred to as “TENANT”.

The terms “HOUSE OWNER” and “TENANT” wherever the context so requires or admits shall mean and include their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and assigns.

The HOUSE OWNER is agreed to rent out the own house premises Plot. No: 10, Door No:3, Jeevanantham Street, Lakshmipuram Tiruvanmiyur, Chennai - 600 041 and the TENANT is agreed to occupy the same on paying monthly rent.

Now the HOUSE OWNER and TENANT hereby AGREE to the following terms and conditions:

The agreement shall be for a period of 11 months beginning form 01.04.2010 and ending with 30.03.2011.

The monthly rent, water maintenance charges for the said shall be Rs. 10,000/- (Rupees Ten Thousand only) rent should be paid according to the English calendar month and shall be payable on or before 5th of every succeeding calendar month.

The tenant has paid the sum of Rs.50, 000/- (Rupees Fifty thousand only) by cash without any interest, and the House Owner has to re-pay the money while the Tenant vacating the house.

The Tenant shall use the house premises for residential purpose only and not for any other purpose.

The Tenant shall maintain the leased premises in good condition and repair and deliver the same at the expiry of the lease period or sooner determination of the tenancy. The tenant shall also before delivering up possession together with all the amenities provided by the House owner and the electrical fittings, repair and restore at his cost to their original.

The Tenant shall not make any alterations or put up any construction in the premises.

The Tenant shall not sub - let leased premise wholly or partially.

That the Tenant hereby covenants to pay the electric consumption charges to the electricity board.

The House Owner and Tenant hereby agree that three months advance notice in writing is essential for the tenant for vacating the premises if he chooses to terminate this agreement during the validity period.

In witness whereof the house owner and tenant have set their hands and seal the day,

month and year first above written.

TENANT

WITNESSES:

1.

