











































































RENTAL AGREEMENT

This RENTAL AGREEMENT is made & executed on 20 April 2011 between: Mrs.Asha Ramesh &Mr.Ramesh.K.N. Residing at 1st Floor, 82A, Vysya Bank Colony, ShantiniketanLayout, Arakere Post, Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore-560076, henceforth calld the LESSOR (OWNERS), which term include their heirs, administrators and assignees of the ONE PART

AND

Mrs.Sadasivuni Deepti & Mr.Sadasivuni Kiran native 53-38-20, KRM Colony, Maddilapalem, Vishakapatnam, AP530013 henceforth called the LESSEE (TENANT) which term shall mean and include their heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives and assigns of the OTHER PART witnessed as follows:


WHEREAS the LESSOR at the request of the LESSEE agreed to let out the entire 2nd floor	premise except the

front room, mentioned in the schedule below on a monthly rent of Rs.5500/-(Five thousand five hundred only}

The LESSEE shall pay the monthly rent on or before 5th of every English calendarmonth.

The LESSEE has deposited with the LESSOR a sum of Rs. 55,000/-(Rs. Fifty five thousand only) as Non Interest Bearing Security Deposit and the LESSOR have acknowledged with recept. The LESSOR will return the deposit to the LESSEES on the termination of rent agreement less dues if any.

The rent agreement shall be in force for a period of 11 (months) from the date of Tenancy.

The LESSEE shall pay the monthly electricity charges to the concerned authorities directly and keep a record. The LESSEE shall pay half of the water bill & Association Bill that comes on a monthly basis, to the LESSOR towards water &sewerage. Motor and electricity charges will be Rs. 100/month extra.

The LESSEE shall maintain the cleanliness of the premise inside and outside on a daily basis, to take necessary timely action and maintain the premise well. LESSOR has the right to recover appropriate amount if there is loss/deterioration.

It is hereby agreed that 2{Two} months' notice is required on either side for the termination of this Rental Agreement and all the keys &items returned as mentioned in the schedule below.

The LESSEES will pay to the LESSOR 10% increment in rent on completion of 12 months stay from the date of this agreement.

The LESSEE will pay to the LESSOR an amount appropriate if any damage / wear out caused to the premise including fittings electrical etc at the time of the tenancy / termination of the agreement.

The LESSOR holds the right to terminate the agreement if the LESSEE fails to pay the rent regularly for consecutive period of 2 months or commits a breach of any terms herein and can take possession of the premise.

The LESSEE shall use the premise for peaceful & residential purpose only and shall not do any alteration without the Consent of the LESSOR. Also the LESSEEE will not sublet, underlet, part let or part with the possession of the premise.

The LESSEE& LESSOR both have retained a copy of this agreement.

SCHEDULE

The premise is on the 2nd Floor on Site # 82A, Vysya Bank Colony, ShantiniketanLyt, Arakere Post, Bannerghatta Road, Bangalore 560 0076 and consists of one hall, one kitchen, one bedroom with shelf s,Bath Room with electric Geezer, one two wheeler parking at the ground floor, Overheadtanks, Sumps,. Complete with 3Kw AEH power electric & light fittings, glazed wall tiles in bath room, Granite Floors & Slabs in the kitchen.

LESSOR	LESSEE

ASHARAMESH	SADASIVUNI DEEPTI

SADASHIVUNI KIRAN

