













RENTAL AGREEMENT

This agreement of tenancy is made and exceuted at chennai on this 5th day of JUNE 2009 between B. Boobalan aged about 40 years, residing at #5/54, Nethaji Street, Okkiyam Pettai, PTC Quarters, Chennai - 600097. Herein after referred to as the "OWNER" of one part and Mr. CHEBOLU VSR DIKSHITULU aged about 22 years residig at #5/54, Nethaji Street, Okkiyam Pettai, PTC Quarters, Chennai - 600097. Herein after referred as the "TENANT" in consideration of the rent and condition stated:

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:

The tenant shall pay a monthly rent of Rs. 6500/- (Rupees Six Thousand and Five Hundred Only) from the date of occupation on or before 10th of every month.

The tenant has deposited the Owner a sum of Rs. 30000 (Rupees Thirty Thousands Only) as a security deposit. The said sum shall not carry any interest but will be refunded in full to the tenant on the termination of the tenancy and the Owner has acknowledged the same.

The tenancy shall be enforced for a period of 11 months from this date of agreement and the month of tenancy being the English calendar month.


The Owner shall have the right to terminate the tenancy if the tenant fails to pay the rents regularly for a consecutive period of 3 months or commits breach of any of the terms herein and take position of the premises.

The Owner shall allow the tenant in peaceful possession and enjoyment of the premises during the continuance of the tenancy provided the tenant acts upto the terms of the agreement.

The tenancy may be renewed for the periods manually agreed between the parties of the terms and conditions to be specified at the time.

It is hereby agreed that minimum one month notice on either side is required for the termination of the tenancy.

The tenant shall keep the premises in good condition in good repair and deliver the same to the owner at the expiry of the rental agreement period if any damages made at the premises the tenant shall bear cost of repair.

The tenant shall pay electric charges. Water charges will be paid by the owner.

IN WITNESS WHERE OF the PARTIES hereto have set their hands and subscribed heir signature on this RENTAL AGREEMENT,the day,month and year first above written in the presence of:-

WITNESS:

TENANT

