Rental Agreement

This agreement made this 19" day of August, 2010 between John Public of 1234 Any street, Happytown, Tennessee 23432 (hereinafter called the Tenants) and Lagoon Landings LLC (hereinafter called the Landlord) concerning the short tenn rental of the property located at 8730 Thomas Drive, Unit 414, Panama City Beach, Florida. Total people in renting party: 6. Adults: 3 Children: 3 not to exceed 8. Rental period begins at 3 pm on 8/17/2010 and ends at 10 am on 8/22/2010. Total Rental Amount: $450.00 ( $100.00 per night or $ 600.00 per week) Add Cleaning Fee: $75.00. Add Security Deposit: $150.00 (refundable according to the Tenns of the Agreement). Add $25 for boat/trailer parking.

Total Amount Due including Security Deposit: $654.00 Deposit due with signed agreement: $320.00 Paid 10/24/2010 Balance due 14 days prior to commencement of the rental: $ 334.00

Terms of the Agreement:

The Tenants shall maintain the premises in a good, clean, and ready to rent condition, and use the premises only in a careful and lawful manner. The tenants shall leave the premises in a ready to rent condition at the expiration of the rental agreement, defined by the Landlord as being immediately habitable by the next tenants. Tenants shall pay for maintenance and repairs should the premises be left in a lesser condition. The tenants agree that the Landlord shall deduct costs of said services from the security deposit prior to refund if tenants cause damage to the premises or its furnishings.

Tenants expressly acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is for transient occupancy of the Property, and that Tenants do not intend to make the property a residence or household..

No daily maid service- While linens, bath towels , etc. are included in the unit, daily maid service is not included in the rental rate

The Tenants shall dispose of all waste material generated during the rental period in a lawful manner and put the trash in the dumpsters provided during their stay.

The Tenants shall pay for any damage done to the premises over and above normal wear and tear.

No animals or pets of any kind will be brought onto the premises without the written permission of the owners.

The Tenants shall not sublet the property.

The Tenants shall have no more than 8 (eight) persons reside or sleep on the premises.

The Tenants shall not create noise or disturbances likely to disturb or annoy the surrounding property owners. Quiet hour starts at 10 PM and Pool and outdoor noise should be kept to a minimum.

There shall be no smoking inside the premises.

Landlord shall provide towels, linens, cups, knives, forks, spoons, dishes, and other items as commonly used by the Landlord’s family. Toilet paper, soap, dish detergent, laundry soap, shampoos, and other consumables are to be purchased by the Tennant. No reimbursement will be made for unused consumables left at the premises. If consumables exist at the premises when the Tenant arrives the Tenant is free to use them...

Tenant agrees that Air conditioning shall not be set below 75 degrees and heat shall not be set above 78, and that the fan setting shall be “Auto”. Doors and windows shall be closed when either heat or air conditioning is in operation.

The Tenants and Tenants' Guests shall hereby indemnify and hold harmless the Landlord against any and all claims of personal injury or property damage or loss arising from use of the premises regardless of the nature of the accident, injury or loss. Tenants expressly recognize that any insurance for property damage or loss which the Landlord may maintain on the property does not cover the personal property of Tenants, and that Tenants should purchase their own insurance for Tenants and Guests if such coverage is desired.

Tenants agree to pay all reasonable costs, attorney's fees and expenses that shall be made or incurred by Landlord enforcing this agreement.

Cable TV is provided and service level has been chosen by the Landlord. No refund of rents shall be given for outages, content, lack of content, or personal preferences with regard to cable TV service.

We occasionally experience outages that are beyond our control. No refunds or compensation will be given for any outages.

There shall be no refunds of rents due to shortened stays or ruined expectations because of weather conditions.

Tenant agrees not to access the “owner’s closet”, even if unlocked, which contains cleaning supplies and chemicals that could be hazardous to children and adults. The owners closet is located under the stairs.

There shall be no refunds of rents because of shortened stays or ruined expectations due to work and family emergencies or other commitments.

It is the tenant’s responsibility to learn about safety precautions, warning signs of water conditions, and safety procedures concerning swimming in or being around the pool. Tenant agrees to have a responsible adult supervising minors while they swim in the pool. Tenant is hereby notified that the pool can be dangerous and tenant accepts fully the risks involved.

Tenant agrees to have a responsible adult supervising minors while they are on the boat dock. Tenant is hereby notified that the boat dock can be dangerous and tenant accepts fully the risks involved. No swimming is permitted from the dock.

Please sign and return this Agreement by mail, fax or scanned email attachment.

Landlord address: Lagoon Landings LLC, 608 Adelynn Court South, Franklin, TN 37064 email: jim@lagoonlandings.com fax number 615-599-4092

(We) agree to abide by the above conditions and hereby swear that the information provided above is true:







