



RENTAL AGREEMENT

This RENTAL AGREEMENT is made and executed on this 10th- mav 2009	by and between:

BETWEEN

Sri.E.Anwar

#222,16™ Main,6th Cross,

BTM 2nd Stage, E.W.S. Bangalore-560076.

Hereinafter called as LESSOR of the one part: and

Mohammed Ishaq

s/o.Mohammed Moosa

#415,ground floor,29th main ,8th cross,

Near M.E.S college,B.T.M 2nd(EWS)

Bangalore-560076







Here in after called as the “ LESSEE” of the other part and in witnesses as follows

Where as the terms the Lessor and Lessee shall mean and include their respective heirs,legeal representative administrators, executors,and assigns.

WHEREAS the Lessor is the sole and absolute owner of the schedule property described hereunder and wheras the Lessor is intend to letout the said house to the lessee on rental basis for a monthly rent of 4000/-(rupees Four thousand only) and whereas the Lessee is willing to take the below house and agreeing to pay the rent the Lessor regularly.

This Lease executed for a period of 1 l(Eleven) Months from the date of 10/05/2009 but it may be extended by mutual consent of the Lessor and Lessee. The above said rent will be enhanced by 10% in every 11 months once on the existing rent.

Whereas the Lessee has paid a sum of Rs.40000/-(Rupees Forty Thousands only) as advance to the Lessor before the following witnesses and acknowledge the receipt of the same. This amount will be refundable to the Lessee by the Lessor at the time of vacating the house and this amount will not carry any interest.

Whereas the Lessee shall not sub-let.runderlet-let the premises to any person without written permission from the Lessor.Incase the Lessee does not pay the said rent to the lessor continuosly three months,the Lessor is at liberty to evict the lessee from the premises.

Whereas the Lessee hereby agrees pay to the Lessor every month electricity charges to the concerned authority without arrears.If any arrears at the time of vacating the premises the same will be deducted from the advance amount.

Whereas the Lessee hereby agreed to pay the said rent and water charges to the lessor on or before 15th of every English calendar month.

Whereas the parties named above shall terminate this agreement by giving 3 months notice in advance.

Whereas the Lessee hereby agreed to keep the premises in good and tenantable conditions without damages, if any damages caused by the Lessee, the same will be replaced by the Lessee or the said amount will be deducted from the advance.

Whereas the lessee shall not make any additional alterations to the schedule premises at all reasonable hours.

Whereas the lessee shall allow the Lessor or his legal representatives in the schedule premises under the lease for insepection of the schedule premises at all reasonable hours.

Whereas the lessee shall not store and keep any highly inflammable explosive material endangering life and property in the schedule property and the neighborhood.

Whereas at the time of vacating the leased portion of house the Lessee shall not ask or demand any compensation from the Lessor at any cost and shall handover the vacant possession of the leased portion of house to the Lessor only.

Whereas the lessee shall pay the painting charges of 3200/- at the time of vacating the schedule premises.

SCHEDULE

All the piece and parcel of the property bearing Ground Floor in the premises 1^0.415,8* Cross,29th Main, BTM 2nd Stage,E.W.S,Bangalore-560076.

Consisting of: One hall, Kitchen, bathroom and lavatory with RCC roofing.

Fittings: 1-Fan, 1-Geyser.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF both the parties Lessor and Lessee have signed this RENTAL AGREEMENT made on the day,month and year first written at Bangalore..

WITNESSES :

1)

LESSOR(OWNER)

LESSEE(TENANT)

