





































RENTAL AGREEMENT

This RENTAL AGREEMENT is made and executed at Bangalore, on this 5th day of April, 2012, between Mrs, PADMAVATI, 154/2,1st floor, 9th Cross, Byrasandra Main Road,G M Palya, Bangalore - 560 075. hereinafter called the ‘OWNER’ of one part

Mrs. SANGHAMITRA PARIDA, Working at: Sasken CommunicationTechnologies Ltd, 139/25, Ring Road, Domlur Bangalore 560 071, hereinafter called the ‘TENANT’ of the other part.

Whereas the Tenant has Requested the Owner to let out a house, 154/2, Ground floor, 9th Cross, Byrasandra Main Road, G M Palya, Bangalore - 560 075 .In consideration of the rent hereinafter reserved and the condition herein after stated

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:

The Tenant shall pay a monthly rent of Rs.8000 on or before 5th of every month. Rent will be start from at the time of occupation The rent enhancement shall be increased at 10% after 11 months

The Tenant has to pay the security deposit amount of Rs. 60000.The Tenant paid cash Rs.60000/- Dated :05/04/2012 will be paid at time of occupation The owner acknowledges the receipt of the same. The security deposit amount of Rs. 60000 shall not carry any interest but will be refundable to the Tenant on the termination of Tenancy. After deducting any dues in rent/electricity/damages etc.,

The Tenancy shall be in force for the period of (11) Months from the 5th April of 2012. month of tenancy being the English Calendar month.


The owner shall have the right to terminate the tenancy if the tenant fails to pay the rent regularly for a consecutive period of two months or commits breach of any of the terms herein and take possession of the premises.

The Tenant shall use the premises only for Residential purpose and shall not use it any offensive or objectionable purposes business etc. without permission of the Owner. The Tenant shall keep the premises neatly in tenentable condition and shall not make any alteration therein without permission of the Owner.Also any damges happened during the stay,the cost for the damages and assocites expenses shall be recovered in the advance or extra.

The Tenant shall pay Electricity and water charges separately to the concerned authority and the owner shall pay the property taxes.

The tenancy may be renewed for further period/s mutually agreed between the parties on the terms and conditions to be specified at that time.

It is hereby agreed that one-month notice on either side is required for the termination of tenancy.

The tenant shall pay one month rent towards painting and cleaning charges at the time of vacating the schedule premises.

The foilwing fixures and accesariesr are provided by the owner in good condition,the same shall be in operatable conditions while leaving.

Ceiling fans-Khaitan	3	Nos

Tube lights-Surya	3	Nos

Exhaust fans	1	No

Bulbs	5	Nos

SCHEDULE

All the piece and parcel of the house premises, 154/2, Ground floor, 9th Cross, Byrasandra Main Road, G M Palya, Bangalore - 560 075. consisting of: 1 Hall, 1 Kitchen, 2 Bed rooms, 1 Bath & Toilet.,

IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have set their respective hands unto this agreement, the day and year first above written.

WITNESSES :

1.	OWNER

TENANT

