RENTAL AGREEMENT

This Rental Agreement is made and executed at Bangalore on this the 1st May 2005 by and between:

Mrs. S.Sakunthala,

Hno: 4E,10-12-1,

REDNAM ALCAZAR,

Opp. SBI Main, Old Jail Road Jn,

Vishakapatnam - 530020

Hereinafter called as the “LESSOR” (which expression shall mean and include wherever the context so requires admits his heirs, executors, representatives and assigns) of the ONE PART;

And:

V.V.Ravi Kian„

S/o V.R.G.Sastry,

A.S.Rao Nagar,

Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh.-36

Hereinafter called the “LESSEE” (Which expression shall mean and include wherever the context so requires, admits his executors, representatives and assigns) of the OTHER PART.

WITNESSES AS FOLLOWS:

Whereas the Lessor is the absolute owner of the Fourth Floor residential premises bearing No:407A, T.C.Palya Main Road, Ram murthy nagar, Bangalore-16, which are morefully described in the Schedule written here under and hereinafter referred to as the “Schedule Property”.

Whereas the Lessor has agreed to grant a lease of the said premises to the Lessee under the following terms and conditions.

DURATION: The duration of the Lease shall be for a period of 11 (Eleven) months commencing from 1st April 2010 and is subject to renewal thereafter under mutually agreed terms and conditions by the Lessor and the Lessee with an enhancement of 5% in the monthly rent.

RENT: The monthly rent payable by the Lessee to the LESSOR for the Schedule Property shall be Rs. 9,000/- (Nine thousand and two hundred rupees only). This amount shall be paid every month within tenth day of subsequent month.

ELECTRICITY AND WATER CHARGES: The Lessee shall pay the Electricity charges to the concerned department regularly

INTERNAL MAINTENANCE: The Lessee shall maintain the Schedule Property in a state of good order and condition and shall not cause any damage or disfigurement to the schedule property there in always expecting fair wear and tear.

LIABLE FOR DAMAGES: It is agreed that any damages caused by the Lessee in the Schedule Property shall be made good by the Lessee promptly.

USER: The Schedule Property shall be used by the Lessee only for residential purpose and shall not use or permit the same for any business or occupation or any unlawful purpose.

DEPOSIT: The Lessee has paid a sum of Rs. 80,000/- (Rs. Eighty thousand only) by way of cash as Security Deposit. The same amount shall be refundable by the Lessor to the Lessee without any interest at the time of vacating the Schedule Premises.

TERMINATION OF LEASE: Either party may give one month notice in writing to terminate this Lease agreement.

Notwithstanding what is stated above, the agreement shall be revoked by the Lessor, if the Lessee is in default in the payment of the rent and/or other charges three months after the same have fallen due or if the Lessee commits breach of any terms and conditions of this agreement.

SCHEDULE PROPERTY

Fourth Floor of the residential premises situated at HNO:407 A, T.C. Palya Main Road, Ram murthy nagar, Bangalore-560037, Consisting of three Bedrooms, hall, kitchen, two attached Toilet and Bathrooms.

Fittings and Fixtures:





In WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this agreement in the presence of the following witnesses on the day, month and year as first above mentioned.

WITNESSES:

1.

2.


