







































RENTAL AGREEMENT

This Agreement of Tenancy is made and executed at Bangalore, on this the 1st day of February 2008, by and between

Mr. T.RADHA KRISHNAN

No-57,1st floor,’’Hemalaya”, Golf view layout Murugeshpalya, Bangalore-17

Hereinafter referred to as the OWNER of the one part, and

Mr.AIilllJIT BHARADWAJ

C/oS.R.S.Sharath, No-401

Shri ram shankari Apt, Banashankari

3rd stage, Kathiguppe, Bangalore-85

Ph-080-26727961

Mobile: 9886463146

Working for i2 Technologies India Pvt, Ltd. #132/133, Divya sree Technopolis, Yamalur post, off airport Road, Bangalore-37

Hereinafter referred to as the TENANT of the Other Part.

Consideration of the rent hereinafter reserved and the conditions hereinafter stated.

NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:

The tenant shall pay a monthly rent of Rs.3,500/-(Rupees Three Thousand Five Hundred Only) on or before 5th of every month. Including Maintenance charges (water& Electricity).

The tenant has deposited with owner Rs.20,000/- (Rupees Twenty Thousand Only) by way of Cash, as advance and security deposit which sum the owner hereby acknowledges. The said sum shall carry no interest but refundable to the tenant on the termination of the tenancy.

The tenancy shall be in force for a period of Eleven Months commencing from 1st day of February 2008, and the month of tenancy being the English calendar month.

The owner shall have the right to terminate the tenancy if the tenant fails to pay the rents regularly for a consecutive period of three months commits breach of any of the terms herein and take possession of the residence.

The tenant shall use the premises only for Residential purpose and shall not use it for any offensive or objectionable purpose and shall not without the written consent of the owner sublet under lease or part with the possession of the premises any whosoever or make any alterations therein. He shall return possession of the house in as such condition as it was let out to him save normal wear and tear and shall allow the owner or his authorized agent to inspect the house at all reasonable times but with prior intimation.

The owner shall allow the tenant peaceful possession and enjoyment of the premises during the continuance of the tenancy provided the tenant acts up to the terms of this agreement.

The owner shall pay property taxes.

The tenancy may be renewed for further period /s mutually agrees between the parties on the terms and conditions to be specified at the time.

It is hereby agreed that One month notice on either side is required for the termination of the tenancy.

The tenant shall not cause any damage to fixed fixtures and fittings of the above said property the tenant should return back the premises in good condition, as it let out any damages caused owner have right to deduct the amount.

After the expiry of 11 months the tenant is herein agreed to pay 5% of enhancement of the existing rent.

SCI!I I)I I I

The premises at No-57,2nd floor,’’Hemalaya”, Golf view layout, Murugeshpalya, Bangalore-17

Premises Consist of Single room, Attached Bathroom & Toilet, two wheeler parking having a super built up area of	sq.ft.

Fittings Fan -1 Nos, Tube lights -1 Nos, Bulps-2 Nos.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have set their respective hand unto this agreement, the day, month, year first above written.

WITNESS:

1. Jagdish

Bangalore Homes

No.5, RifcoSanthosh Apartments	(OWNER)

NAL Road, Murugeshpalya Bangalore-560017

PH-9844495539', 9845444484

2. Babu

9448030266

(TENANT)

